so we are back with another video of
injustice gods among as ultimate edition
today will give you looking at
insurgency Lex Luthor so like a lutheran
is his insurgency for him we definitely
got check out that out it will have a
different costume different skin I guess
is what you they call it and they'll do
it look visually different we'll also
look at his skills along with his super
move and you can check out my other
videos if you want to check out his
different skins alright just starting
off here as you can see he has a silvery
like mind you of my superiority design
we're just facing green arrow alright no
I'm just fooling around there with a bit
of weird attacks but let's dive right in
let's look at lance blast so that's
Lance block there's the court charge you
could do that on the ground or in the
air it just rushes um
all right we're gonna look at gravity
pull and then gravity mine now that
one's are pretty cool I mean if I don't
like somebody I can just throw something
down there orbit Oh strike and Lex probe
whoops
this one is Lex probe let's look at that
again Lex probe a he he has the ax that
comes out of nowhere all right let's
just move on
so we just charge yourself up we have
this a pink kind of aura thing
ouch green arrow definitely not happy
right now all right we're going to use
it super now since we have that chance
so that is Lex Luthor super let's grab
him
so that's his grab nothing else I think
we looked at all of his moves already
most of it anyways let's just try to
play around with Green Arrow
all right maybe you're not too happy
with that so that is Lex Luthor
insurgency version in injustice gods
among us Ultimate Edition Rudy it's done
call a meeting of the board project
source and arrange pickup at the suit